bitch you make her Superman Tahoes in a
single BAM I'm single now got no ring on
his finger now I never let another chick
bring me down and ever leave make your
way over to blender.org a link will be
in the description down below so once
you're on the page all I just have to do
is click this blender 2.75 download
button and then it's going to take it to
a new page as you can see there are
different operating systems that you can
choose from so choose whichever
operating system that you're using so
the program is free so you don't have to
worry about paying for anything and
don't worry there are no viruses at all
so before I begin this tutorial I just
want to say that this tutorial works for
all blender intro templates as they all
are the same to edit all you just need
to do is download it and put it on your
desktop and now you may get a file that
looks like this
to open it up all you just need to do is
right-click on it and click extract here
and it's going to start to extract on
your desktop and now we have a folder
and if we open up the folder as you can
see we have the blender file and we have
a rendered intro folder for when we
render our intro so now we can just
close the folder and open up blender you
will be greeted with the page like this
all I just need to do is go to file open
and find wherever you saved your blender
intro template so we saved ours on our
desktop and in the intro template folder
so we just select it and click open
blender file and now we've opened up the
blender file to change the text all you
just need to do is right click on the
text click tab backspace and then type
in whatever you want click tab again
right click on the other text click tab
backspace type whatever you want again
click tab and now we've edited the text
if you like to replace the font all you
just need to do is go to the F in the
top right hand corner of the screen
click on it and if you go down a little
bit you will see this small drop down
menu and if you want to remove or
replace this font all I just need to
just click the folder right beside it
and now find wherever your fonts are
saved
they're usually saved in your C hard
drive windows and then fonts so now we
have a whole bunch of fonts to choose
from
so choose whichever font you want so
once you found the font that you want to
use all just need to do is
on it and click open font and now we
have to do it for the other text to
click on the text go to the folder and
then find where your fonts are saved and
then select the same font again click
open font and now we've changed the font
now we have to render it and to do so
all I just need to do is go to the
camera and scroll down a little bit and
make sure that this is MPEG and if you
open up the encoding drop down menu and
scroll down make sure that this format
is mpeg-4 and go down a little bit and
make sure that this audio codec is mp3
so now we have to change the output
folder and to do so all you just need to
do is click the folder right beside it
and then choose wherever you want to
save this so I'm going to save this
inside the rendered intro folder in our
intro template I'm going to save it as
intro template and then you just click
accept and now to render the intro all
you just need to do is go to the render
animation button here or go to render
animation and now it's going to start to
render your intro so this can take
anywhere from 5 minutes to a whole day
it just depends how fast your computer
is and how many frames the whole intro
has so this intro has 230 frames this
will take my computer around 5 to 10
minutes to render this has been your
board jumbo pack with top free templates
peace